[Music]
on a distant planet
sonic an extraterrestrial blue hedgehog
who can run at supersonic speed
finds himself sought after by a tribe of
echidnas for his power
his guardian longclaw the owl gives him
a bag of rings that opens portals to
other planets
she uses one to send him to earth while
she fends off the echidnas
ten years later sonic enjoys a secret
life near the town of green hills
montana
but longs to make friends he idolizes
the local sheriff
tom witchowski and his veterinarian wife
maddie
unaware the pair are planning to
relocate to san francisco soon
as tom has been hired by the san
francisco police department
one night sonic becomes upset over his
loneliness
when playing baseball by himself and
runs at supersonic speed
as a result inadvertently triggering an
electromagnetic pulse
which causes a power outage across the
pacific northwest roboticist
and scientific genius dr robotnik is
enlisted by the united states department
of defense
to uncover the source of the power
outage robotnik discovers and tracks
sonic
who hides in the wachowski shed tom
discovers sonic and shoots him with a
tranquilizer dart
causing sonic to drop his bag of rings
through a portal to san francisco
tom reluctantly agrees to help sonic
before robotnik arrives at the
wachowski's house
and the two flee as the pair evade
robotnik who labels tom a domestic
terrorist
they slowly bond with tom learning about
sonic's desire for a real friend
having discovered one of sonic's quills
robotnik discovers the power in it has
the potential to fuel his robots and
becomes obsessed with capturing sonic
as he tracks them down tom discusses his
plans to leave green hills
and sonic disapproves shortly after
defeating a robot sent by robotnik
an explosion injures sonic arriving in
san francisco
tom brings him to maddie who revives him
while tom explains their situation to
maddie
sonic receives a new pair of sneakers
from maddie's niece the group
soon heads to the tower's roof of the
transamerica pyramid
where sonic's bag of rings landed and
recover them
robotnik arrives in a hovercraft and
attacks them
forcing sonic to use a ring to send tom
and maddie back to green hills
sonic flees from robotnik who uses the
power of sonic's quill to match his
speed the
two engage in a chase across the world
ultimately returning to green hills
robotnik incapacitates sonic the tom
intervenes
allowing sonic to regain his strength
and reclaim his lost energy
overcoming robotnik sonic defeats him by
sending him to a mushroom planet
following the incident tom and maddie
decide to stay in green hills and let
sonic live with them
the government erases all evidence of
the events including records of
robotnik's existence
meanwhile a now insane robotnik still in
possession of sonic's quill
begins plotting his revenge